mktf(1) -- Launch a GCP Ubuntu instance and set up Terraform
=============================================

## SYNOPSIS

    mktf
         -x, --prefix NEW_RESOURCE_PREFIX (required)
         -p, --project PROJECT_ID         (required)
         -z, --zone ZONE                  (reguired)
         -n, --network NETWORK            (required)
        [-t, --machine-type MACHINE_TYPE] (optional)
        [-h, --help]                      (optional)
        [-s, --random-suffix]             (optional)

## DESCRIPTION

The mktf command launches an Ubuntu instance, installs Terraform, and creates Terraform scripts for the Google Cloud provider,
regional providers, and a backend on Google Cloud Storage.  The goal of this command is to make getting started with Terraform easier.
To support all of this, mktf also creates a service account with the appropriate IAM permissions and
a version-enabled Google Cloud Storage bucket.

The Terraform code is stored in /usr/local/etc/tf.  To use the code, copy all the files to your source directory,
make any desired changes, and run "terraform init".  The goal of mktf is to automate the standard setup stuff.
You still need to have a working knowledge of Terraform.

In addition to installing Terraform and creating initial terraform scripts, mktf also modifies the global bashrc file
to (1) display a message saying the Terraform source files are in /usr/local/etc/tf and (2) copies /usr/local/etc/vim/vimrc
to ~/.vimrc if ~/.vimrc does not exist.  This last item was added to simplify the creation of ~/.vimrc since the behavior
of vim configuration files may vary between releases.

## OPTIONS

     -x, --prefix NEW_RESOURCE_PREFIX (required)
        This option specifiesthe prefix for names of the resources created by mygcptf.
        This includes the service account, the GCS bucket for Terraform state, and the instance.
        This does not include resources created by Terraform.

     -p, --project PROJECT_ID         (required)
        This option specifies the exiting project ID in which the resources will be created.

     -z, --zone ZONE                  (reguired)
        This option specifies the zone in which the instance will be created.

     -n, --network NETWORK            (required)
        This option specifies the name of an existing network to which the interface
        of the instance will be attached.  This has only been tested for networks
        that have been created with automatic subnets.

    [-t, --machine-type MACHINE_TYPE] (optional)
        This option specifies the machine type of the Ubuntu instance.  The default is
        e2-micro.

    [-h, --help]                      (optional)
        This option displays a help message

    [-s, --random-suffix]             (optional)
        This option appends a random suffix to each of the resources created by mktf.
        This does not include the resources created within Terraform.

## SECURITY NOTES

The service account that is created to launch the Terraform instance contains the permissions listed below.

* roles/owner

* roles/resourcemanager.projectIamAdmin

* roles/iam.serviceAccountUser

## EXAMPLES

    ./mktf -x my-instance -p my-project -n my-network -z us-west2-b -s

## COPYRIGHT

mktf is copyright (c) 2020, Jeffrey S. Levine. Released under the Apache
license.
